here's to nothing getting in the way of
our adventure Emily I can't go to South
America wait wait what my band is really
blowing up right now and where I'm going
there's gonna be like a ton of
illustration inspiration I keep talking
over you but it's sounding like you're
saying yes I heard at that time
you poor thing you look awful thank you
well guess who this it's a long hug all
right okay
mom look how fun you were hacked your
bags we're going to South America
absolutely not everybody knows you need
two years to plan a vacation you don't
do anything fun anymore
that's not true I'll be taking sculpting
lessons at the Y Dada
I told you I would not acknowledge that
that's frightening and you made that
okay hola check in from Middleton what's
this well done oh well what welcome Oh
welcome they're not servicing that I've
got it
why are you dressed like a beekeeper son
is dangerous you would get so much on
you put so much on we're going aspect
I'm definitely not you're gonna miss
this whole trip everything shouldn't be
so scary hi I'm James
that was not what it looks like it
looked like you're washing it with your
honor in the sink
what I need is an amazing adventure
where the hell are we the scenic route
we did you come to South America I never
wanted to cover the cultural experience
I don't speak any Spanish I know what
they called me at the restaurant
buthow which mean for instance I'm
prettier no it means that checks
out I'm gonna get it out of this
I know a man he can take care of you
that's a sex slavery starts okay mom
those people want young beautiful
females you are both safe you would be
so lucky to us kid oh no I will be
very unlucky you're like melted candles
you